.TH PEBBLE-CHALLTESTSRV 1
.SH NAME
pebble\-challtestsrv \- ACME challenge mock server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pebble
[\fB\-defaultIPv4\fR \fIstring\fR]
[\fB\-defaultIPv6\fR \fIstring\fR]
[\fB\-dnssever\fR \fIstring\fR]
[\fB\-http01\fR \fIstring\fR]
[\fB\-https01\fR \fIstring\fR]
[\fB\-management\fR \fIstring\fR]
[\fB\-tlsalpn01\fR \fIstring\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pebble-challtestsrv
is a utility that responds to HTTP-01,
DNS-01, and TLS-ALPN-01 ACME challenges.  It can also be used as a
DNS server letting developers mock `A`, `AAAA`, `CNAME`, and
`CAA` DNS data for specific hostnames.
.PP
Important note: The `pebble-challtestsrv` utility is for TEST USAGE
ONLY.  It is trivially insecure, offering no authentication
whatsoever.  Only use this library in a controlled test environment.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-defaultIPv4\ \fIstring\fR
Default IPv4 address for DNS responses to A queries (default
"127.0.0.1")
.TP
.BR \-defaultIPv6\ \fIstring\fR
Default IPv6 address for DNS responses to AAAA queries (default
"::1")
.TP
.BR \-dnsserver\ \fIstring\fR
Comma separated bind addresses/ports for DNS-01 challenges and fake
DNS data. Set empty to disable. (default ":8053")
.TP
.BR \-http01\ \fIstring\fR
Comma separated bind addresses/ports for HTTP-01 challenges. Set empty
to disable. (default ":5002")
.TP
.BR \-https01\ \fIstring\fR
Comma separated bind addresses/ports for HTTPS HTTP-01 challenges. Set
empty to disable. (default ":5003")
.TP
.BR \-management\ \fIstring\fR
Bind address/port for management HTTP interface (default ":8055")
.TP
.BR -tlsalpn01\ \fIstring\fR
Comma separated bind addresses/ports for TLS-ALPN-01 and HTTPS HTTP-01
challenges. Set empty to disable. (default ":5001")
